make CapacityIndicator work with other values of splits, not only splits:10 (#305)
GroovinChip/macos_ui: CHANGELOG.md

* Update `MacosScrollBar.thumbVisibility` with the latest change introduced in Flutter 3.7
* Update `README.md` to address issues [#325](https://github.com/GroovinChip/macos_ui/issues/325) & [#332](https://github.com/GroovinChip/macos_ui/issues/332)

> * Fixed a bug where `CapacityIndicator` did only work correctly for splits = 10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where `CapacityIndicator` only worked correctly for splits = 10
```
